Split level creation from level population in Grammar (#14250)
coq/coq: dev/doc/changes.md

- A few functions change their interfaces to take benefit of a new
  abstraction level `LStream` for streams with location function.

> - Grammar extensions now require to specify whether they create a level or they
>   reuse an existing one. In addition to the Gramlib API changes, GRAMMAR EXTEND
>   stanzas may need a few tweaks. Their grammar was changed so that level and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Grammar extensions now require specifying whether they create a level or they
  reuse an existing one. In addition to the Gramlib API changes, GRAMMAR EXTEND
  constructs may need a few tweaks. Their grammar was changed so that level and
```

"stanza" is poetry term, AFAIK it is not generally used as a computer science term.  It doesn't appear elsewhere in this document, either.

Author: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanza_(computing)

Reviewer 2: I confirm it is in common use in a few fields I interact with [build systems, HCI, etc...]

Author: The same term is actually used a bit further down in the context in ARGUMENT EXTEND.

Reviewer: I stand by my comment. This not a _generally_ used computer science term.  The wikipedia page is all of two sentences first created in 2016.  Each of the three references has their own language that defines _stanza_.  The Dune documentation does not, to its detriment (I recall reading and thinking, "Well, what the heck is a 'stanza'?".

We try to use common terminology and avoid needless jargon to make documentation easy to understand.

> The same term is actually used a bit further down in the context of ARGUMENT EXTEND.

Clearly a failure of the review process!  I wonder who might have submitted such wording?

  associativity arguments that would have been ignored are now forbidden.
  Furthermore, extensions without an explicit position now expect the entry to
  be empty. If it is not the case, the extension will fail at runtime with an
  assertion failure located near the offending entry. To recover the old
  behaviour, one needs to explicitly add the new TOP position to the extension.
  This position expects the entry to be non-empty and populates the topmost

>   defined level with the provided rules. Note that this is different from FIRST,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  defined level with the provided rules. Note that this differs from FIRST,
```
